Delete VSAM datasets from Zowe Explorer View (#3845)
zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode: packages/zowe-explorer-api/CHANGELOG.md

- Fixed error message shown when creating a config file that already exists. [#3647](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3647)
- Fixed wrong error message received when accessing a mainframe resource with a file system URI containing invalid profile name. [#3760](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3760)
- Fixed regression with the `ZoweTreeNode.getProfile` function that caused unhandled exceptions to occur when a profile is no longer accessible. [#3772](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3772)

> - Added support to delete VSAM data sets for zosmf type profiles. [#3824](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3824)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added support to delete VSAM data sets for z/OSMF type profiles. [#3824](https://github.com/zowe/zowe-explorer-vscode/issues/3824)
```
